นักศึกษามีการใช้งานเครื่องมือเขียนโปรแกรมที่เกี่ยวข้องกับครึ่งเทอมแรกของวิชานี้ (Pandas/NumPy, Matplotlib/Seaborn) อย่างมีนัยสําคัญทั้งในกระบวนการจัดการและทําความสะอาดข้อมูล กระบวนการย่อยและวิเคราะห์ข้อมูล รวมถึงกระบวนการสรุปผลและแสดงภาพนิทัศน์ของข้อมูล

#Are Thai healthcare related stock still captivating?

Thai Health industry is found as a outperforming stock growth that the market for at least 5 executives year. They perform even better during to Covid 19. The earnings for companies in the Healthcare industry have grown 22% per year over the last three years. Revenues for these companies have grown 14% per year. This means that more sales are being generated by these companies overall, and subsequently their profits are increasing too.
 
Over the past three years, the earnings of businesses in the healthcare sector have increased by 22% annually with profit growth of 14% per year. This indicates that these businesses are producing more sales and subsequently their profits are increasing too.

<insert graph 5 year>

Unfortunately, after situation of covid-19 recover, the growth of healthcare industry drop. The overall growing pattern are converving to the market (compare with SET index). This lead to the question that, "Are healthcare related stock still captivating. If yes, which kind of stock shall we invest on?

<insert graph 1 year and 6 months>

##Installation
```python
from yahooquery import Ticker
import pandas as pd
import os
import time
import numpy as np
import seaborn as sns
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import datetime
import matplotlib.ticker as ticker

os.chdir(os.getcwd())
```


##datause

We use data from import - yahooquery which retrieved nearly all data from Yahoo Finance. We select top largest 35 stocks with in healthcare sector.

```python
focus_symbol = ['BDMS.bk',	'BH.bk',	'RAM.bk',	'THG.bk',	'BCH.bk','CHG.bk',	
 'VIBHA.bk',	'STGT.bk',	'PRINC.bk',	'SKR.bk',	'MASTER.bk',	'PR9.bk',	
 'CMR.bk',		'RJH.bk',	'NTV.bk'	'M-CHAI.bk',	
 'EKH.bk',	'VIH.bk',	'TOG.bk',	'LPH.bk',	'RPH.bk',	'AHC.bk',	'IMH.bk',	
 'BIZ.bk',	'BIS.bk',	'WPH.bk',	'KDH.bk',	'D.bk',	'WINMED.bk',	'SMD.bk',	
 'KTMS.bk',	'EFORL.bk',	'NEW.bk',	'TM.bk',	'LDC.bk'] 
 #'SVH.bk','KLINIQ.bk'
```

Note: we remove 2 stocks from the consideration:
1. SVH: BDMS, SVH's largest shareholder, delisted Samitivej Public Company Limited (SVH) from being listed on the SET. SVH shares were be traded on the stock exchange on its the last day on Dec 7, 2022.
2. KLINIQ: is more likely to be a beauty clinic rather than medical clinic.


We aim to see progress since before Covid situation until current time. Therefore, data retrieved from the beginning of 2017 to the end of February 2023 (Current year). 

```python
start = '2017-01-01'
end = '2023-02-28'
```




## Which industry are the driving changes



## Medicare care grow with assistance from Government
The healthcare sector has been the beneficiary of government policy that stretches back to 2003 to promote Thailand as a ‘medical hub’. Government support as follows:

(i) extending the permitted period of stay for visitors traveling to Thailand for medical treatment from China and the CLMV nations to 90 days from 30 days and allowing up to 4 family members to accompany travelers bound for Thai hospitals

(ii) extending long stay visas from 1 to 10 years for people from 14 specified nations 

(iii) provide a special dental and health-check package for international travelers

All of these actions will assist Thai private hospitals in broadening their customer base to include more foreigners, a market segment with greater purchasing power who frequently spend more on healthcare than their local counterparts. As a result, private hospitals are experiencing steady revenue growth and are maintaining excellent profit margins. And this has in fact led to the steady growth of medical tourism in the country.
In addition, Thailand is quickly gaining an international reputation as a high-quality and inexpensive destination for health tourists" to visit and get complicated medical procedures performed which make Thai healthcare industry become more and more attractive.


